{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red97\green95\blue90;\red251\green250\blue246;\red32\green31\blue29;
\red37\green105\blue219;\red236\green246\blue254;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c45490\c44706\c42745;\cssrgb\c98824\c98431\c97255;\cssrgb\c16863\c16078\c15294;
\cssrgb\c18039\c50196\c88627;\cssrgb\c94118\c97255\c99608;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34360\viewh20460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs27 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Working with leading embedded finance provider YouLend, I was tasked with creating a report that would distinguish them in the market and increase presence among investors and regulators. This became their first 'Impact Report', highlighting how embedded finance improved outcomes for female, minority and regionally disadvantages entrepreneurs, compared with traditional lending, driving significant media coverage.\

\fs24 \cf4 \cb1 \

\f1\b\fs21 \cf5 \cb6 Achievements\cb1 \

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf4 \
\cb6 Featured in Fintech News and FF Finance websites\cb1 \
\
\cb6 Won FS Tech Awards 2024 Financial Inclusion award\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \
\
Brief\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb3 To create this, we needed to discover the story behind YouLend's lending book. We engaged Experian to review over 100,000 funding instances to understand their demographics and impact. I was given an Excel sheet of data and breakdowns of various questions, such as instances of female entrepreneurs, time to lending and employment impact. My role was to turn this into a story.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 The Process\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb3 By reviewing third-party data from the British Business Bank, the FSB , BVA BDRC and more, I was able to determine that YouLend carried a significant advantage in many areas, including lending to female entrepreneurs as 2X the national average, and over half of their loans going to disadvantaged areas of the country. I also worked with internal data teams to model impact on national GDP and employment per business.\cb1 \
\cb3 Turning this data into a story required an in-depth understanding of their audience, so I worked with internal customer teams to bring out individual case studies that showed the power of YouLend's products, making the piece more personal and impactful.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 Results\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf4 \cb3 On publication, the stats were picked up by a range of publications, including Fintech Times and FF News, and I also turned the report into a winning entry for the 'Financial Inclusion' FStech Award 2024\cb1 \
}